The establishment of the Yoku-San Group is the first step towards strengthening the domestic situation.
Since the opening of the Imperial Congress, the Central Committee has been held in the Central Committee for more than 20 years.
However, this election is held at the border of the Great East War and the Suikyo War.
We must not forget that this election is an important one for the sake of fighting the war,
which is an unprecedented national demand.
We, the people, are burning with enthusiasm and spirit,
which is the key to the re-establishment of the Great East War.
I am sure that this is the most important mission of the Imperial Congress in the future.
Therefore, the government has to make the government and the people suffer from the war.
The government has to make the government and the people suffer from the war.
We are planning to establish a political system that will help the people more than ever.
As you know, the National Secretariat has already agreed that the establishment of the Imperial Congress will be a means of mobilizing people from within the country.
In other words, we are planning to establish a system that will help the people more than ever,
which will help the people to advance in the re-establishment of the Great East War.